low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 19.4292 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 25.6141 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 36.4448 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 25.1275 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 45.9503 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 21.8407 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 22.7697 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 27.9549 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 20.7235 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 26.9787 seconds
low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 10.161 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 12.9015 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 19.9875 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 22.3996 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 26.1078 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 11.3733 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 12.6897 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 15.4683 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 11.3147 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 14.6252 seconds
low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 5.68484 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 8.25727 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 13.7978 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 13.1351 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 17.4172 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 6.6527 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 7.22198 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 9.28772 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 8.68214 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 10.8948 seconds
low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 5.04613 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.76258 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 12.2573 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 12.0584 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 13.3005 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.57037 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.96414 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 8.37744 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 7.04301 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 9.39794 seconds
low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 5.15721 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 7.10701 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 11.8405 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 9.80926 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 13.7612 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 7.41395 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.38108 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 7.70926 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.39541 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 12.0363 seconds
low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.16104 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 7.69119 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 11.1814 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 8.81699 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 16.2647 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.24853 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.85114 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 8.08997 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.70858 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 16.0942 seconds
triangular_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 12.0429 seconds
triangular_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 12.1551 seconds
triangular_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 12.4614 seconds
triangular_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 12.1382 seconds
upper_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 9.69735 seconds
left_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 8.01482 seconds
triangular_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 12.3086 seconds
upper_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 10.8637 seconds
left_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 9.60934 seconds
triangular_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (SMT Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 13.1431 seconds
