low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 19.3316 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 24.8774 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 36.1582 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 25.1456 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 45.2171 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 22.2449 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 22.8975 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 27.6418 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 20.5106 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 1) takes 28.6799 seconds

low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 10.1213 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 12.7086 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 19.6321 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 16.7827 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 25.6071 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 11.1504 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 11.5787 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 14.1108 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 11.0996 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 2) takes 14.2659 seconds

low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 5.25556 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 6.98199 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 13.3836 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 12.2841 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 14.3907 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 6.40311 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 6.45641 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 8.16925 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 6.92074 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 4) takes 11.7143 seconds

low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 4.43578 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 5.89105 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 9.32886 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 11.2494 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 13.1358 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 5.94211 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 5.8618 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.88391 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 6.08804 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 9.35187 seconds

low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 4.72494 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 6.50302 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 10.3445 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 10.3899 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 12.5688 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 5.82437 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 7.0092 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 8.42565 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 6.83321 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 10.076 seconds

low_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 32) takes 5.06075 seconds
low_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 32) takes 6.73787 seconds
low_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 32) takes 10.7069 seconds
low_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 32) takes 9.18966 seconds
low_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 32) takes 14.9403 seconds
high_noisy_0801.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 32) takes 6.9527 seconds
high_noisy_0802.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 32) takes 6.44123 seconds
high_noisy_0803.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 32) takes 7.72021 seconds
high_noisy_0804.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 32) takes 6.39246 seconds
high_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 32) takes 14.7704 seconds
triangular_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 12.3782 seconds
triangular_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 12.409 seconds
upper_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 10.2604 seconds
left_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 8) takes 7.84876 seconds
triangular_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 11.8798 seconds
upper_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 10.6557 seconds
left_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 16) takes 9.11942 seconds
triangular_noisy_0805.png after  adaptive median filter (Basic Parallel with thread_count = 64) takes 12.9969 seconds
